what if time and existence itself are so closely linked they're a blended occurence?
a system so grand should have protections and failsafes (among other things) that are intertwined to mitigate exploitation
always a possibility, optical illusions, did a science project on it grade 6 you were only capable of seeing it if you focused on it so what if you tricked the part of your brain into looking at the night sky via emulated through hardware lenses so you naturally assumed that perspective when looking through the lens so you don't have to constantly adjust your own focus; would we spot something in the night sky if we adjusted our lenses to accommodate patterns such as concnetric circles and other strange nattural phenomena found throughoutnature like the divine ratio

I don't need a seat in any house to assert stewardship over nations, what i do need is for all public facilities to be used for the public. rather than locking the doors of public facilities, utilize the housing and homeless problems by allowing them the opportunity to earn for clean-up, planting, food (onsite type service)  the buildings are heated at nighttime yet people are freezing to death outside, how does this make sense?
a herolens system would one day provide free access to all services for public servants or citizens with enough earned karma or wahtever term we use to describe that aspect of the tokenomics we choose to adopt

loyalty rewards

the actual public and fav seed planting initiatives, gov seed planting initiaitvse

this is the greatest challenge of our generation if they refuse to advertise it then we must begin on our own initiative

swarm wind micro grids - thousands of portable low-cost wind unitys that replicate their own components via local 3d print hubs

tidal induction vaults caves with piezo electric linings (harvesting tidal forces to charge community vault batteries, each vault seeds new ones as output grows

thermo myco batteries 
heat storing myceliall biocapsules that use absorbed stack heat to grow and produce more batteries

self planting seed bots

living water grids
distributed wetlands, that growe into biofilters, cleaning rivers while creating aquaculture farms

cloud gardens
atmospheric mesh systems (balloons or lightweight nets) that seed rain and collect condensation. each releases spores/seeds for below

pollinator vaults 
underground hives with ai monitored mycelial networks, auto-seeding flowers as bee colonies grow

regen credit protocols DAOs where ebvery verified hectare restored, ton of carbon captured or sequestered or communities/members fed; creates compounding tokens backed by real assets (not hype)


progenerative franchises 
every funded node (farm, grid, bioshelter) must create two new nodes each year. forming exponential impact growth

impact swarms
micro dao's automatically buuy, fix and gift land to new stewards, locking healing use clauses into smart contracts

living curriculum 
education structured as quests where each level produces something real - a patch of restored land, a dao proposal, a community energy node

decentralized housing seeds
homes designed as modular "hive vaults" with built-in water/energy gardens, madatory replication kit included for neighbours

emotional alchemy networks
apps and real world events that transmute collective trauma into energy for planting, building and creating emotional -> physical regeneration pathways 

Planetary Repair Agents
PRA swarms
Ai-driven offline capable bots (phys & virtual) that detect ecological damage and deploy pre-coded fixes

self spawning daos 
governance structures that clone themselves when reaching thresholds (splitting into localized councils with a shared global fund)

life lattice blockchain every transaction must leave the earth richer (trees, food, energy() to be valid. negative outputs get taxed and auto-converted to restoration funds

types of electricity 
biochecmical
static
potential
copper coil method
piezo electric
what else?

tpyes of mycelium (synthetization/reproduction)
Hybrid <-> Native <-> GMO

Regenerative building infra abosrbs carbon as it cures

global services exchange

Toronto individual surival guide 

1. monitor aai
2. familiarize with emergency planms
3. safe indoor locations
4. stockpile n95
5. covenant house, seaton house, gateway by salvation army

defina anthalmology 

post notice in the event of any entity 

update all license files to include more comprehensive healing use clauses

fractal nature of reality
stock market
overlay large data set since creationon top of a calendar stretching beyond simply holidays. let's look at this like a project where we test our own limits. some examples to follow off of are 1. search top 1000 crypto moonshoopts of all time

2. 3 month shots like when a developer leaves like when cofounder of etherum left and started Cardano (Charles Hoskinson)
apply fractal pattern logic with dep learning to see which developing systems/networks are currently self conflicting in some way or other and auto-notify when they release something? no, i feel like that ending's too gneric (not sure why i wrote this haha)

